This goal of this task is to improve this base app so that its more ready to use as a real starting point for a custom app. Right now this app had good examples but it serves more as a getting started guide by sharing lots of examples on the home page rather than demonstrating realistic functionality that a an in the Assembly platform would use. Along with improving the example we should also improve the agents.md file to give direction on how to build a custom app so that its optimized for use in the assembly platform.

The ideal example of an shows a few things
- the difference between an internal user viewing the app and a client viewing the app. This information is determinable from the session token, but likely the app will have different views for each user. Usually an internal user has access to more information and more of an overview and administrative like experience. They will see information across multiple clients and companies and have the ability to control and manage the app resources. The client view will be more focused on the data that is relevant for the client and the specific company in the view
- there is also a concept of a details view. This view is relevant when the session token has client and company information but also has internal user information. This means an internal user is viewing the details page in the assembly dashboard for a specific client (if client info is present) or a company (if company is present but no client info is present).
- right now the custom app base demonstrates making some calls to the assembly sdk, but not in the way an app would use them. E.g. an app likely has to list clients and companies and then show some type of client/company picker. At least for internal users. The app might also task some actions with the assembly sdk like creating notes or tasks or other resources. We dont need to show all of the actions but some functionality would be useful showing the mutation of resources.
